feat(maven): settings.xml registry extraction (#13592)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/java.md

Renovate will search repositories for all `pom.xml` files and processes them independently.

Renovate will also parse `settings.xml` files in one of the following locations:

- `.mvn/settings.xml`
- `.m2/settings.xml`
- `settings.xml`

> and adds the repository urls to the dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any repository URLs found within will be added as `registryUrls` to extracted dependencies.
```
